Welcome everyone this is this week's Stellar Developer Meeting, and this today it's going to be a little bit different schedule than usual we will start with a presentation here from Hoops Finance. And then about half an hour from now we will switch over to Discord where the court team will give a CAP proposal presentation. But yeah welcome, that's Tim you guys are are well known from from our Discord and and I'm I'm super excited about hearing what progress You' have made with hoop Finance. So please take it away thank you so much Carston we are super excited to be presenting in the dev meeting to try to get some eyes on our project and well in our new update we we did the entire UI from the scratch to improve
user experience and to make it easier for developers and for retail users in the future to start using our application. So this is our landing page at the moment we are working as well on launching a new one. But the goal here is to make human readable risk analytics for blockchain what's the idea of risk analytics is, that we do think, that liquidity pools are very scatter and they have an untapped potential and I believe Stellar really has, that potential hidden away and we can really unlock it. If we provide we clear and transparent data on these liquidity pools and different offerings right. So let's let's go to the app and see what we have here we just push an update hopefully it doesn't doesn't break there you go. So this is our new UI right. Now we have two main Pages, which is the pools page and the tokens
page in the pools page what we're doing is aggregating different automatic market makers from the ecosystem projects, that came from the Stellar Community Fund in this case we have Soros swap Aquarius blend and Phoenix we're still working to add a blend into your UI. But it's working through the API this is something, that should be out quite soon. But through our UI in the pools page you're going to be able to see these rankings right where we are ranking what the best APR pairs we have the best volume and best stablecoins obviously this is data from our indexer. So we got to use it with caution still. But we are working on creating a validation system to ensure, that always the data, that we're showing is accurate and we're trying to do, that with other projects in the ecosystem. So we can always compare and ensure, that everything is is correct. But for example here in the table we can see different liquidity pulls from the
ecosystem and important data, that would help retail investors and and really anyone, that wants to participate in DeFi have an idea of how they work and and why would they want to participate in a liquid pool over another for example here we have the native and aqua, which is XLM and aqua pool right we have our volume chart and we have some overview on this like 24 hour volume value locked fees whatnot we we have a proprietary risk score, that we we generate from different data points as well as different analysis from from social media from the internet, that gives us an idea of how risky a pool is there's many factors, that affect the risk score and and we are continuously improving on this. But hopefully this would be essential for us to be able to launch in a nearby future what we want
to do smart savings account or or automate automated liquidity management right in in tokens it's very similar we have top tokens by volume right by liquidity and our top stablecoins and we can see information about these and we can go straight to the Explorer to check these tokens. So check the contract of these tokens and information on on them few things here and there, that we got to fix of course. But but basically this dashboard is going to provide the Stellar user and and really any user in the future with a One-Stop shop to save to invest and to analyze their Investments long term, which is really exciting another thing, that we' been working on is actually creating an authentication flow, which I think is very important. So we can get our users logged in and we can provide them with API Keys, which we were just working on right. Now so crossing my
fingers everything is good but. If you sign up with Discord for example we use Discord a lot instellar we can create this account and as you can see we get a profile where we can go to our developer account and create an API key, which we're going to call it Stellar or live and. When we create this API key we get it over here we can copy it And then we can start querying our API to get all this information maybe in future projects, that people in the audience is working on right possibly in the seller Community Fund possibly from other projects from other chains right the idea again is, that all this data is transparent and available not just through our dashboards. But also through our API looks a little bit like this it's pretty well documented for you you to start playing around with it
at this moment I believe you do not need an API key to play with the API. But but it's it's always good, that you create an account and get your own key early. But basically you have here a playground to try out to get different metrics from different protocols for example Aqua over here is going to give us a response right it's going to tell us the pairs, that are found in the Aquarius protocol right through IDs through their fees LP token supplies and whatnot and within this this is very early. But we are working on our AI endpoint, which is quite exciting, which is how can we talk to these metrics in a like a human would right and have this AI basically transform all this information in something, that is more pable like asking hey what's the best APR pool today and the I tell us just by quering the API and give us
that information in in a way, that is understandable obviously this is still on the works and we're making sure, that the information provided is always correct and is always coming directly from our API and, that the AI doesn't hallucinate right. But I think this is really exciting we can see it being implemented in other protocol just to inject on, that hallucination those are end points to be used by large language models and not generated by a large language model absolutely. So so yeah it would be easy for us to to integrate this in just in other protocols or or even in wallets for example right in the Stellar ecosystem there are many wallets. So to have these little assistant, that can ask this metrics very very quickly and just give you an answer, that is understandable I think could create quite a disruptive change. If if. If I May
but. But yeah I I'll leave the floor to to Tim to silence you all know him I to explain a little bit more the technical details of what was been worked on and yeah take it away Tim Tim you're mut you're muted oh wonderful, that's good can you hear me. Now right yes fashion was talking a bit about the risk metrics. If you look at the get statistics endpoint you can see like the various actual metrics and weights, that we make the score from I plan to show those on the front end in various ways right. Now it's just basically the aggregated scores. But we offer a bunch of different scoring
methods for different pools there's also a way to generate those for tokens right. Now we only offer it for pools publicly. But we plan to add the token statistics soon you mentioned, that the API doesn't require an API key right now, that's correct. However it would require a key. If you were like interacting from a different origin. So like. If you wanted to use it on the client side of your website also Keys would be required for us probably in about a week from now so just a heads up on, that I don't know what else the a the yeah the AI endpoints some of them are basically the same thing as the other end points. But they return the values in a much more Compact and truncated way so, that. If
you were using this in a language model, which which got a little bit of experience with, that and you don't want to have a bunch of excess data. If you look at a normal API response object in Json it's got for example the the label of the field on for every every value and you really don't need, that. So like the AI end points are like they're self-describing they they they return a schema schema Jon schema along with the data so, that a large language model is able to know what the data is and pars it it does things like truncates the addresses. Because it doesn't need the whole address most of the time you can change those truncation things with with URL prams different
options those options are not yet documented. Because that's, that that system still in development as far as data validation we plan to use simultaneously building like sore band contracts, that allow you to use this data more or less as a controller to make automated trades I don't know. If you showed them the the portfolio page. But basically you would set up an account contract, that you. Then install strategies strategies too those strategies will tell the account. When to make trades. When to move liquidity things like, that. So you set like a base value or a base currency on the account right now, that is only like XLM usdc or euroc. But in theory it could be anything. And then the account's goal is to generate
yields. So it earns rewards from AMMs claims and reinvests those and automatically moves your liquidity between different markets based on your the rules, that you set in the the strategy you can also make manual strategies where it's like you tell it exactly what pairs you want to use at what ratios and how off into to claim rewards things like, that. But with, that system it uses some of the data from the API, which is all calculated using transactional data, that's on chain. And so what we plan to do is more or less have a an asset in the protocol, that's in order to stake, that asset you need to run a validation set on the data. And then publish proof of, that to the chain
that is still very much in development. So we're trying to find ways to keep as much data off chain as possible. While still being able to accomplish what we want to with, that system basically it uses on the back end a swap aggregation system, that it Aggregates liquidity pools. But can work with many different types of liquidity pools different different protocols and gives them all the same interface using adapters to allow our account contracts to be able to not necessarily have to specify what pool it wants to interact with it's able to derive it based on yeah information, that's on chain chain. So yeah we're also working on a yeah chat a chatbot
system, that will you know help you develop different strategies answer questions about like what what what's a good Market to invest this in you know what Market has the highest highest volatility things like, that yes I'm not sure what else to show you mentioned the O system the O systems pretty cool it's on our back end we have our own we're like a a a SLE provider to this website this is like sort of like client side off using access tokens and refresh tokens. But we've made it in such a way, that it can be integrated using a system very similar to SCP 10 to link your Stellar account to your Hoops account and use. So you you you'll be able to use your your your
signer for your savings account contract can be a pass key or a traditional wallet basically. And then you can also like log into you have to create your account using either your email or a social provider. But once you've created your identity on our back end you can. Then link wallets to it and be able to log into our website through through either a pass key, which that pass key ends up being the signer on your account or through your wallet, which could also be Aigner on the same account yeah we we really believe, that pass keys are really essential for moving on in the future just to ensure a better user experience I think as we go along for for the everyday folk just keeping a bunch of wallets it's difficult to to remember those private Keys as well right. So
past Keys We believe is the future and and we're looking forward to implement this into Mobile as well with a simplify version of the app. So oh yeah to be clear all the Stellar off right. Now and pass keyo we have disabled. Because we are developing this system against main main net and you know all the data is from mainnet and we don't want people to be risking real money until we've had you know the contracts ready for release to the point where everything's been audited and, that we know it's safe to use with real money right. So we may offer a test net version at some point it's a little bit hard. Because we have to build all the protocols on testnet as well in order to do, that. And then generate traffic through all those those protocols, which for most things it's it's not needed
since we have live data to use you can basically simulate most things. So yes. So we leave you with a call to action really to just go to the Discord under projects we have hoops Finance just try it out try to break things ask questions and and let us know what you would like to see in the app what would you think would be best and yeah we're working on making authentication as strong as possible. So we can start keeping track of these users and start helping new projects and new developers to actually use this infrastructure, that we believe could really change and shake things up with within within Stellar, that's really great it's impressive to see how far you've come already I was just wondering U do you have any ideas what the timeline looks like. When when are you planning to go live on mainnet with the protocol
I would say this summer. But it depends on. When we are ready for the Audits. And then how long the audits take you know we're we're actively working on it there's parts of it, that may go live on mainnet sooner. So we're trying to build it in stages so, that it can be basically used as we devel each feature however, that's probably going to be limited to like swaps and liquidity deposit with draw initially with some of the automated strategies. Then being added in so. If that makes sense more or less trying to be able to launch what we can, that we know is safe. While still making it so, that the the system will fit together. When it's live. So the the actual token is
issuance is probably going to come through you know once the account factories are audited and live. Because it sort of integrates with with the treasury accounts, that control the token token. So so yeah it'll take a little bit. But we are focused right. Now on on getting all this on testet we we kind of have to build a around a little bit to create these new pools and and everything. But but testnet will be out soon I don't want to give dates maybe earlier maybe later. But test net will be out. So so we can start seeing how this works behind the scenes and and to answer twitch I did not connect to Twitch. So I cannot chat. But but yes Hoops wallet or something of the sorts is coming on the road as well I had worked on a wallet myself in the past many many moths ago. So I'm we're
probably gonna be retr I imagine, that is going to be something of an app, that allows you to interact with your your account contract easily to be able to do sends withdraw you know standard wallet stuff even, though it is a a Sor band contract. So some way, that it could allow you to use funds from, that to interact with other parts of Stellar besides Soo yeah. When we think about Mobile Wallet I ask you to think about pass keys I'll just leave it at, that it sounds great really at the end of the day your wallet like. If if you you have your pass key issued from your phone. Then then your phone really is the wallet. So it's quite easy to make the system work multiple devices just. Because of all the work, that's gone into passwordless off already by. So many other
people exactly and it just goes hands in hands with the idea of smart savings accounts accounts right okay just just quick TR oh. So the the the UI looks amazing and and just what we've seen here this last few minutes is looking very promising. And then you have the API, that's, that's really well documented. So who do you think is going to how is this going to be used who's is it more going to be used with the web interface or is it more like a developer solution or both what are your ideas on what thoughts about, that I think there'll be a lot of end users. But I think, that there will also be Enterprise customers I know we've talked to certain other projects in the ecosystem, that have been interested in using some of like the the
scoring data like inside their apps for for like profiles about projects and I figured we need all this data in order to do the stuff we want to do with the automated accounts we might as well make it easy for other people to build on top of it as well. And so I imagine also there's a a good business opportunity in the the normalized data, that we provide provide. So yeah it's kind of both developer side it. But I'd say most people would would know it through the web interface developers right we want to encourage them to use the API and and just people, that have been in the default default Stellar for for a. While to use this tool
and as we move along and and just more people is being on board in Stellar every day right to just have the basis for this becoming a retail application right. So to to have the everyone to really be able to use it and and get to this ideal of a universal savings account, which can be put as a retirement plan right, which I believe is is something, that that needs to change in the coming yeah our goals make an account, that it's a yield bearing account, that's permissionless basically, that anybody can have and it it you know they they manage it. But at the same time our our our application helps right. So you could build on top of it and make make your own interfaces I think, that's good for everyone, that's what absolutely
thank you we are unfortunately running out of time it was really great to see all the progress here some of your thoughts about about the the future of the project and what you're working on and I'll encourage everyone to go go take a look at it as as you both said go find some errors go test it out yeah poke it yeah I would probably not use the data in anything live right. Now just the heads up there there's no way we can promise every. Because there's the audits there haven't been any audits done yet. So yeah and it's under active development very active like we we merge to main quite often often and every time, that's, that potential breaks. So many sleepless nights for sure thank you so much Carson I think it could be fun to do an update in a few months and
see where you are. Because this this looks very promising yeah we're moving pretty fast I think we'll have plenty of updates okay great and thank you for everyone who joined right. Now we're going to switch over to Discord where the court team is going to to give a presentation about some of the the proposals they are launching related to Protocol 23. So see you over there thank you and join again next Thursday bye bye-bye